ops/testnet/readme-testnet.md, before:

# Running the test net blockchain in a node-per-server setup

## Setup a node infrastructure on a server

1. Copy docker-compose.yml to the server
2. Copy *setup-node-infrastructure-for-testnet.sh* to the same folder on the server
3. Generate a new UUID for ORGANIZATION_ID and add it to the script. It will be used later to setup the organization and workgroups via rest endpoints
3. Run *setup-node-infrastructure-for-testnet.sh*
      This one sets up all components necessary for a node to function.
      Run it on as many servers as nodes are needed.
4. Open all ports in the firewall that are necessary for external communication


## SETUP INITIAL VALIDATOR NODE

NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd init node1 --chain-id baseledger
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd keys add node1_validator_address_1 --keyring-backend test

### Add first node validator account as genesis
NODE 1: node1_validator_address=$(docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd keys show node1_validator -a --keyring-backend test)
           docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd add-genesis-account baseledger1qkvmcsmdgjd8wtnn2ejxnj59eskqmjq78jejs2 100000000000stake,100000000000token

### Generate genensis transaction on the first node
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd gentx node1_validator_address_1 100000000stake --chain-id baseledger --keyring-backend test

### Collect genesis transactions
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd collect-gentxs

### Enable rest api, it is only enable = false entry, maybe we can make it a bit more precise?
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/enable = false/enable = true/' ~/.baseledger/config/app.toml

### Enables grpc
NODE 1:docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's@laddr = "tcp://127.0.0.1:'26657'"@laddr = "tcp://0.0.0.0:'26657'"@' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Allow connecting peers not in the address book
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/addr_book_strict = true/addr_book_strict = false/' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Allow connections from localhost to tendermint API
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/allow_duplicate_ip = false/allow_duplicate_ip = true/' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Increase the timeout between blocks to 9s
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/timeout_commit = "5s"/timeout_commit = "9s"/' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Run the node
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd start


## SETUP ADDITIONAL REPLICATOR NODE

NODE 2: repeat first five steps or running the *setup-node-infrastructure-for-testnet.sh* on the machine
NODE 2: copy *add-node-to-running-blokchain.sh* to the same folder on the machine
NODE 2: make sure node1_id and node1_ip adress in the script are correct
NODE 2: copy genesis.json from node 1 to the same folder on the machine
NODE 2: run *add-node-to-running-blokchain.sh*

### How to copy a genesis from initial node to new node

NODE 1: docker cp baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1:/root/.baseledger/config/genesis.json .
NODE 1: Copy genesis.json to clipboard
NODE 2: copy cliboard to genesis.json
NODE 2: docker cp ./genesis.json baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1:/root/.baseledger/config/genesis.json


### Run the node
NODE 2: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd start
if it fails for any reason, try to run *docker exec baseledger-node_starport_1 baseledgerd unsafe-reset-all* before start command

### Send TOKENS to the node
NODE2: node2_adress = docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd keys show node2_validator -a
NODE1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx bank send node1_validator baseledger1quz8telhz7tt3sv4m7fdh6ueu6lpn0ypt6w2ff 100000token --yes

## ADD REPLICATOR NODE AS VALIDATOR

### Send a minimal amount of STAKE tokens from Node1 to the Node_to_become_validator

NODE1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx bank send node1_validator baseledger1kkf4ujsjj8vuj9575qw5tlm53nnwxufy88rsm0 1stake --yes

Here baseledger1xax2e85vqn4n26wxk0qfcy9jgmwlgvnw750hzm is the receiver address obtained from baseledgerd keys list command

### Node_To_become_Validator now take the minimal amount of STAKE tokens received and stakes them to make him a validator:

NODE 2: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx staking create-validator  --amount=1stake  --pubkey=baseledgervalconspub1zcjduepq0y6gpu79m6ltgjlxs2x0t0ygfdkhnjjxkdl75ejcslcpat3zytlqjp6sty --moniker="node55"  --commission-rate="0.10" --commission-max-rate="0.20" --commission-max-change-rate="0.01" --min-self-delegation="1" --from=node55_validator_address1 --yes 

In the command above i removed (-gas="200000" --gas-prices="0.025stake" ) as we assume to have 0 gas costs that way
Params explanation:
--from = <name of the node to become validator>
--pubkey <output of tendermint show-validator on node_to_become_validator>
--moniker= <unique name for the validator>


### Now the new validator should be in the validator set in status UNBONDED (he has to few tokens staked to participate). 
We stake the right amount from Node1 (our token controlling node):

NODE1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx staking delegate baseledgervaloper1kkf4ujsjj8vuj9575qw5tlm53nnwxufycnj9ru 100000000stake --from=node1_validator_address_1 --yes 

Params explanation:
--baseledgervaloper-address from the new validator node, can be seen in "docker exec first_node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd query staking validators"
--from=<our token controlling node1>

Commit message:

added 4th node accounts + extended readme

ops/testnet/readme-testnet.md, after:

# Running the test net blockchain in a node-per-server setup

## Setup a node infrastructure on a server

1. Copy docker-compose.yml to the server
2. Copy *setup-node-infrastructure-for-testnet.sh* to the same folder on the server
3. Generate a new UUID for ORGANIZATION_ID and add it to the script. It will be used later to setup the organization and workgroups via rest endpoints
3. Run *setup-node-infrastructure-for-testnet.sh*
      This one sets up all components necessary for a node to function.
      Run it on as many servers as nodes are needed.
4. Open all ports in the firewall that are necessary for external communication


## SETUP INITIAL VALIDATOR NODE

NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd init node1 --chain-id baseledger
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd keys add node1_validator_address_1 --keyring-backend test

### Add first node validator account as genesis
NODE 1: node1_validator_address=$(docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd keys show node1_validator -a --keyring-backend test)
           docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd add-genesis-account baseledger1qkvmcsmdgjd8wtnn2ejxnj59eskqmjq78jejs2 100000000000stake,100000000000token

### Generate genensis transaction on the first node
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd gentx node1_validator_address_1 100000000stake --chain-id baseledger --keyring-backend test

### Collect genesis transactions
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd collect-gentxs

### Enable rest api, it is only enable = false entry, maybe we can make it a bit more precise?
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/enable = false/enable = true/' ~/.baseledger/config/app.toml

### Enables grpc
NODE 1:docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's@laddr = "tcp://127.0.0.1:'26657'"@laddr = "tcp://0.0.0.0:'26657'"@' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Allow connecting peers not in the address book
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/addr_book_strict = true/addr_book_strict = false/' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Allow connections from localhost to tendermint API
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/allow_duplicate_ip = false/allow_duplicate_ip = true/' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Increase the timeout between blocks to 9s
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 sed -i 's/timeout_commit = "5s"/timeout_commit = "9s"/' ~/.baseledger/config/config.toml

### Run the node
NODE 1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd start


## SETUP ADDITIONAL REPLICATOR NODE

NODE 2: repeat first five steps or running the *setup-node-infrastructure-for-testnet.sh* on the machine
NODE 2: copy *add-node-to-running-blokchain.sh* to the same folder on the machine
NODE 2: make sure node1_id and node1_ip adress in the script are correct
NODE 2: make sure to give a unique name for new node (nodexxx) in script:           
      baseledgerd init node... and baseledgerd keys add nodexxxxx_replicator_address_1 
NODE 2: copy genesis.json from node 1 to the same folder on the machine
NODE 2: run *add-node-to-running-blokchain.sh*

### How to copy a genesis from initial node to new node

NODE 1: docker cp baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1:/root/.baseledger/config/genesis.json .
NODE 1: Copy genesis.json to clipboard
NODE 2: copy cliboard to genesis.json
NODE 2: docker cp ./genesis.json baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1:/root/.baseledger/config/genesis.json


### Run the node
NODE 2: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd start
if it fails for any reason, try to run *docker exec baseledger-node_starport_1 baseledgerd unsafe-reset-all* before start command

### Send TOKENS to the node
NODE2: node2_adress = docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd keys show node2_validator -a
NODE1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx bank send node1_validator baseledger1quz8telhz7tt3sv4m7fdh6ueu6lpn0ypt6w2ff 100000token --yes

## ADD REPLICATOR NODE AS VALIDATOR

### Send a minimal amount of STAKE tokens from Node1 to the Node_to_become_validator

NODE1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx bank send node1_validator baseledger1kkf4ujsjj8vuj9575qw5tlm53nnwxufy88rsm0 1stake --yes

Here baseledger1xax2e85vqn4n26wxk0qfcy9jgmwlgvnw750hzm is the receiver address obtained from baseledgerd keys list command

### Node_To_become_Validator now take the minimal amount of STAKE tokens received and stakes them to make him a validator:

NODE 2: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx staking create-validator  --amount=1stake  --pubkey=baseledgervalconspub1zcjduepq0y6gpu79m6ltgjlxs2x0t0ygfdkhnjjxkdl75ejcslcpat3zytlqjp6sty --moniker="node55"  --commission-rate="0.10" --commission-max-rate="0.20" --commission-max-change-rate="0.01" --min-self-delegation="1" --from=node55_validator_address1 --yes 

In the command above i removed (-gas="200000" --gas-prices="0.025stake" ) as we assume to have 0 gas costs that way
Params explanation:
--from = <name of the node to become validator>
--pubkey <output of tendermint show-validator on node_to_become_validator>
--moniker= <unique name for the validator>


### Now the new validator should be in the validator set in status UNBONDED (he has to few tokens staked to participate). 
We stake the right amount from Node1 (our token controlling node):

NODE1: docker exec baseledger-node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd tx staking delegate baseledgervaloper1kkf4ujsjj8vuj9575qw5tlm53nnwxufycnj9ru 100000000stake --from=node1_validator_address_1 --yes 

Params explanation:
--baseledgervaloper-address from the new validator node, can be seen in "docker exec first_node_blockchain_app_1 baseledgerd query staking validators"
--from=<our token controlling node1>
